Hello big brother
The little sister has already taken the land.
Tossed the shares I have bought dishes are now in
You can give me 25% next time.
Thank you, big brother.
You're welcome with big brother
Is it bad for Mr. Bai?
What's the matter?
The land we photographed before
You must gamble within a month
And no trading is allowed for 5 years
It can become a mortgage loan for banks
Pardon me?
Is this accurate?
We don't have a penny in our hands right now.
I still hope to turn around by selling this land
This is not allowed to be bought or sold for 5 years now
Then we owe the bank so much interest
That's a million dollars a month.
What should I do?
Who said that?
True or False
Did you ask clearly?
Ask clearly
Other companies know about this.
So
The people who came to participate in the auction this time are all first-tier companies
Only they have spare money
Even if you hold this land in your hands for 5 years
It doesn't really matter to them.
What about the shock?
Such a large piece of land
How can we have spare money to start work?
And the interest the bank owes
Why don't we pay it back?
What can we do about this?
If the Gao family knew
What about my engagement party with the Gao family?
Gaojia
Remember this message
Don't let the Gao family know
Your engagement party with Gao Yang must be held
Mr. Bai has one more thing
Why are you hesitating?
Say it
You asked me to investigate the old lady's will before
I found out that the old lady put all the inheritance
Leave it all to my grandfather